Edit Documentation (#229)
Shopify/ghostferry: docs/source/verifiers.rst

Verifiers
=========

> Verifiers in Ghostferry are designed to ensure that Ghostferry did not
> corrupt/miss data. There are two different verifiers: the
> ``ChecksumTableVerifier`` and the ``InlineVerifier``. A comparison of them are
> given below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiers in Ghostferry are designed to ensure that Ghostferry did not
corrupt/miss data. There are three different verifiers: the
``ChecksumTableVerifier``, the ``InlineVerifier``, and the ``TargetVerifier``. A comparison of the 
``ChecksumTableVerifier``` and ```InlineVerifier``` are given below:
```
